Update project structure (#45)
oetiker/lshort: book/src/contrib.tex

%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
% Contents: Who contributed to this Document
% $Id$
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
\begin{small}
  \noindent Copyright \copyright{} 1995--2022 Tobias~Oetiker, Marcin~Serwin,
  Hubert~Partl, Irene~Hyna, Elisabeth~Schlegl and Contributors.

  This document is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
  the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
  Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
  version.

  This document is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
  \emph{without any warranty}; without even the implied warranty of
  \emph{merchantability} or \emph{fitness for a particular purpose}.  See
  the GNU General Public License for more details.

  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
  this document.  If not, see \url{https://www.gnu.org/licenses/}.
  \vspace{-5pt}
  \begin{flushright}
    \href{https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html}{%
      \includegraphics[width=2cm]{images/gpl3.pdf}}\hspace*{10pt}
  \end{flushright}

>   \bigskip\noindent Illustration on the first page---\enquote{ABC}, by DEF---is
>   licensed under a XYZ license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \bigskip\noindent Illustration on the first page by Roman Schmid (@bumzack)---is
  dedicated to the public domain via CC0 1.0 Universal
  Public Domain Dedication.
```
